 says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day!
In even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love. #USA🇺🇸 Network news has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked. Not fair to public!
Joining @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in America GROW in America and HIRE in America🇺🇸 I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg Pennsylvania! #TaxReform #USA🇺🇸Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and more importantly for the USA!
The Fake News is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know General John Kelly by saying he will soon be.....
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @FLOTUS today!The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool and that's what I am dealing with!
Highly respected author Christopher Bedford just came out with book "The Art of the Donald Lessons from America's...." Really good book!
With Jemele Hill at the mike it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked" in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for U.S.A.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem Flag and Country? Change tax law!
We have just begun! A big salute to Jerry Jones owner of the Dallas Cowboys who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!"
"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9 2017 as #ColumbusDay" The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years giving billions of dollars &amp; getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
"The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters....."   @nypost  Thank you!
Nobody could have done what I’ve done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work! Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal &amp; that's about it. We need HealthCare we need Tax Cuts/Reform we need people that can get the job done!
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen.
...Hence I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
#LasVegasStrong #USA🇺🇸🎥Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
Thanks for your support! ...hasn't worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry but only one thing will work!
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......
Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy! Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA MS AL and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp; be safe!
.@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it which is really all that matters! Not #1
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken big premiums. Who knows!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp; repetitive material always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign....
Ralph Northamwho is running for Governor of Virginiais fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
Thank you! So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who I will never forget!
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night. WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
Wow so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake most showed great warmth and friendship.
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello &amp; his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong🇵🇷 It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA🇺🇸 ALABAMA get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz the Mayor of San Juan for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for "Big Luther."
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
...But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!
The booing at the NFL football game last night when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange tough on crime &amp; border - will never let you down!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing &amp; Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! ...owed to Wall Street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with. Food water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
...It's old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed with billions of dollars....
Texas &amp; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt is in deep trouble..
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG ANTHEM COUNTRY. Total lie!
#StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
Alaska Arizona Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal &amp; Replace and some Senators not there.
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp; Country you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man they won't be around much longer!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS.) She is a truly great representative for our country! ...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFLor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare worst in the country. Deductibles high people angry! Lisa M comes through.
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &amp;  management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace. Let Arizona down!
Heading to Alabama now big crowd!
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
#USAatUNGA🇺🇸#UNGA Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close. He loves Alabama and so do I!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next she was a bad candidate!
The Russia hoax continues now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
Thank you! Kim Jong Un of North Korea who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before!
Rand Paul or whoever votes against Hcare Bill will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare."
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
Today I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo. It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.Stay tuned! 🇺🇸🇰🇷#UNGA It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA🎥It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA Governor @RicardoRossello- We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care) he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp; Replace.
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "Big" Luther Strange. Smart tough on crime borders &amp; trade loves Vets &amp; Military. Tuesday!
 show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failurecountries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis a major problem for our country today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster N.J.
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam where he lied about his service so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources) remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸 ...conquests how brave he was and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN ABC NBC CBS NYTIMES &amp; WAPO the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Court pick economic enthusiasm deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story record Stock Market border security military strength jobs.....
The Trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn Iowa Ohio.......
The failing @nytimes which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized) is totally inept!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C. surging economy &amp; jobsborder &amp; military securityISIS &amp; MS-13 etc.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
Thank you Nicole! After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Working in Bedminster N.J. as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
"Under Trump gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated"Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 Great work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future! No matter the mission the brave men &amp; women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227🇺🇸 Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond GDP at 3% wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform!
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA🇺🇸
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere using #VAVideoConnect - available at: Today I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA See you tonight Huntington West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸Tickets: Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress the same people that can't even give us HCare!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp; jobs will grow.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
I love the White House one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch: #RAISEAct "Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome"It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES our COUNTRY &amp; OUR FREEDOM! Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!Read more and watch here: Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roarwatch!
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22000 today. Was 18000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
A great day at the White House!
Highest Stock Market EVER best economic numbers in years unemployment lowest in 17 years wages raising border secure S.C.: No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is hurting people &amp; it is why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Don't give up Republican Senators the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option) get Cross State Lines &amp; more.
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade yet...
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
.
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.… Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster N. J. a beautiful community is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Wowthe Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 JOBS JOBS JOBS! Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C. I will be working out of my home in Bedminster N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare!
An honor to welcome PM of Australia @TurnbullMalcolm to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the… It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare.… If victorious Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer LIVE:… Death spiral!'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018 citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Susan Rice the former National Security Advisor to President Obama is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th… It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the… ...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy the great Air Force Falcons! Watch:… either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
President Andrew Jackson who died 16 years before the Civil War started saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.EO1: EO2:… This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. ...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
The Democrats without a leader have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements including 28 legislative signings strong borders &amp; great optimism!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd big energy!
.@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today. Bad!
I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started. We love our VETS!
Today I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:… Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:… .@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to t… As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year as well as the Teacher of the Year fro… Today I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:… Today I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act… HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS Melania! The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
atergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October just prior to Election!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times and 4 times last year alone.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I hereby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. I hearby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. I hear by demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! Weekly AddressJoin me here: It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Nick Adams new book Green Card Warrior is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada Australia! @foxandfriends
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately but it was clearly not....
Since November 8th Election Day the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
THANK YOU!
#JointSession #MAGA🇺🇸Join me live at 9:00 P.M. #JointAddress I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo… Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed including healthcare.
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!
The race for DNC Chairman was of course totally "rigged." Bernie's guy like Bernie himself never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him or for the Republican Party!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: Great optimism for future of U.S. business AND JOBS with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking Going to CPAC!
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison in his fight to lead the DNC is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually in numerous cases planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor General H.R. McMaster. Video: Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden.
Getting ready to leave for Melbourne Florida. See you all soon!
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne Florida. A lot to talk about!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes @NBCNews @ABC @CBS @CNN) is not my enemy it is the enemy of the American People!
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes @CNN @NBCNews and many more)    is not my enemy it is the enemy of the American people. SICK!
Join me at 11:00am:Watch here: General Keith Kellogg who I have known for a long time is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Going to Charleston South Carolina in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election and so badly (306) so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media which makes up stories and "sources" is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Leaking and even illegal classified leaking has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o… Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!Tickets:… Welcome to the United States @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp; Sara!#ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference: Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!
awyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone even with bad intentions can come into U.S.?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!
The opinion of this so-called judge which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country is ridiculous and will be overturned!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!
When a country is no longer able to say who can and who cannot  come in &amp; out especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
We must keep "evil" out of our country!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
Professional anarchists thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S. health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Yes Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Thank you @Samsung! We would love to have you! Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man respected by all.
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many ma… Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
If the ban were announced with a one week notice the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Only 109 people out of 325000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage.....
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: ...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and indeed the world - a horrible mess!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Today we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger 31 years later. #NeverForget ...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course and never will. DISHONEST
Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! Congratulations Secretary Mattis! Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: .@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change NOW!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3000000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ @VP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan. Th… Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ @VP @SenMajLeader @SpeakerRyan. Th… of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning who should never have been released from prison is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
"@romoabcnews: .@DavidMuir first @POTUS interview since taking office.  Tonight on @ABCWorldNews @ABC2020 tonight. As your President I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. Beginning today the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov:… I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House.… I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
even those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results we will strengthen up voting procedures!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD including those registered to vote in two states those who are illegal and....
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016) I will send in the Feds!
Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today. Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off… Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together we will #MAGA! A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday packed house paid great respect to Wall long standing ovations amazing people. WIN!
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington D.C. TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN🇺🇸 TO ALL AMERICANS🇺🇸So to all Americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to mountain...It is time to remember that...We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA🇺🇸
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
January 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people.
power from Washington D.C. and giving it back to you the American People. #InaugurationDay
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another or from one party to another – but we are transferring...
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington D.C. #Inauguration Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together we are going to MAKE AM… Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!#Inauguration2017 Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
On my way! #Inauguration2017 the American people. I have no doubt that we will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
"It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.… Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House Mar-a-Lago three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.… .@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump the latest in a string..." @WSJ
to the U.S. but had nothing to do with TRUMP is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford G.M. Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...
Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
"How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It" "thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office) with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
The same people who did the phony election polls and were so wrong are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday Friday and Saturday!
"@drgoodspine: @realDonaldTrump @Ivanka Trump is great a woman with real character and class."
At 9:00 P.M. @CNN of all places is doing a Special Report on my daughter Ivanka. Considering it is CNN can't imagine it will be great!
"@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency." Very dishonest media!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line) Crimea Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief John Brennan blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really couldn't do...
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny cast is terrible always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here &amp; when people make mistakes they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
For many years our country has been divided angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
will only get higher. Car companies and others if they want to do business in our country have to start making things here again. WIN!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation that number..
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th Washington D.C. Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANN
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk talk talk - no action or results. Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
n the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
Thank you Alabama! From now on it’s going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:… China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected see you there!
"@EazyMF_E: @realDonaldTrump Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"  Thank you!
Last night in Orlando Florida was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch:… #ThankYouTour2016 Tonight- Orlando Florida Tickets: Mobile AlabamaTickets:… Well we all did it together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here: Join me in Mobile Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets: If Russia or some other entity was hacking why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House as it pertains to my business so complex - when actually it isn't!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down big trouble dead! Graydon Carter no talent will be out!
.@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs jobs jobs! Watch:… Join me this Saturday at Ladd–Peebles Stadium in Mobile Alabama! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:… The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world Rex Tillerson Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Presidency. Two of my children Don and Eric plus executives will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
#ThankYouTour2016 Tue: West Allis WI. Thur: Hershey PA. Fri: Orlando FL. Sat: Mobile AL. Tickets:… The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased inaccurate and bad point after point. Just can't get much worse although @CNN is right up there!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy of the Great State of Louisiana for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience and congrats to Army!
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday! A very interesting read. Unfortunately so much is true.Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency even part time are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
.@RudyGiuliani one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C. just took himself out of consideration for "State".
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch:… Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal… Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. THANK YOU IOWA!#ThankYouTour2016 Join me tomorrow! #MAGA 10am- Baton Rouge LA. Tickets: Grand Rapids MI.Tickets: On my way to Des Moines Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. Join us! Tickets: #ThankYouTour2016
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Chuck Jones who is President of United Steelworkers 1999 has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA… We pause today to remember the 2403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville North Carolina! See you… Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50000 new jobs....
Join me tonight in Fayetteville North Carolina at 7pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets: Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents but costs are out of control more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
#ThankYouTour2016 12/6- North CarolinaIowaMichiga… If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly I don't know if that will ever happen!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development… their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete) heavily tax our products going into..
.@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump" the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
wanting to sell their product cars A.C. units etc. back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult but.....
without retribution or consequence is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
fires its employees builds a new factory or plant in the other country and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses but any business that leaves our country for another country
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
Our great VPE @mike_pence is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
"@TigerWoods: Can’t wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. –TW #heroworldchallenge" Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Thank you Ohio! Together we made history – and now the real work begins. America will start winning again!… Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me! Tickets: Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' 'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts… Join me in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!Tickets:… Hence legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law I feel it is visually important as President  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation''President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however since election they are worse!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton and yet her loss in a landslide that they don't know what to do.
"@sdcritic:  @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN There is NO QUESTION THAT #voterfraud did take place and in favor of #CorruptHillary !"
"@FiIibuster: @jeffzeleny Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud shame! Bad reporter.
"@JoeBowman12: @jeffzeleny just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !"  @CNN still doesn't get it. They will never learn!
"@HighonHillcrest: @jeffzeleny what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! @CNN"
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said "We have to accept the results and look to the future Donald --
of position." Then separately she stated "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election. I for one am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats when they incorrectly thought they were going to win asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems
Fidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard even on Thanksgiving trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th… Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
'Jeff Sessions a Fitting Selection for Attorney General''President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
General James "Mad Dog" Mattis who is being considered for Secretary of Defense was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton which I hear is highly overrated should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford Chairman of Ford who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
Australia New Zealand and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia U.K. China Saudi Arabia Japan
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states including the smaller ones into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS gave us the win!
I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT GREAT GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win win win!
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters incited by the media are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Watching the returns at 9:45pm. #ElectionNight #MAGA🇺🇸 Still time to #VoteTrump! #iVoted #ElectionNight Don't let up keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Just out according to @CNN: "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
#ElectionDay We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: VOTE TODAY! Go to to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again!… TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!… Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids Michigan now. Watch NH rally here:… Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Today in Florida I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here: LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!! Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an outsider''What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him''Why Trump' I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and tomorrow!Watch:… On my way! Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota Florida!Watch here:… Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA… Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch… Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:… Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! #ICYMI- watch: MONDAY - 11/7/2016Scranton Pennsylvania at 5:30pm.Rapids Michigan at 11pm.… Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16! Van Jones: ‘There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall’ — It Has to Do With Trade: Great night in Denver Colorado- thank you! Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #ICYMI watch rally here:… Thank you Reno Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst… Join me live in Reno Nevada!JOIN ME TOMORROW!MINNESOTA • 2pm• 6pm• 9:30p… #DrainTheSwamp!Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‘All Tactics’ No Vision: ‘Must Act Immediately’: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The LawWatch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews.
o angry. Our @mike_pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain
"@Susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews @realDonaldTrump"
"@lainey34210: @realDonaldTrump Great opening Pence💕"
"@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi"
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Join the MOVEMENT!Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE… My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money more freedom. #AmericaFirst means… I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
Join me in Reno Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: Join me in Reno Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGATickets:… Thank you Colorado! #MAGAWe must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth… Thank you Pueblo Colorado! #TrumpRally #AmericaFirstJoin me in Henderson Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA Tickets: Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States in Israel and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
"@trumplican2016: .@realDonaldTrump  There will be MASSIVE turnout for you  Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians HRC is not with you. I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas… Thank you Novi Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain Join me in Pueblo Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRallyFor those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning at least you know I will be there awake to answer the call!
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal policies that spread ISIS or calling millions of… The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Remember don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources the sources don't exist.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past which is terrible!
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said" DO NOT believe it. There are no sources they are just made up lies!
Wow did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon who could expect any more?
While Hillary profits off the rigged system I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney… Thank you for joining me this afternoon New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoneySpeech transcript:… Join me in Manheim Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRallyTickets: My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Will be in Novi Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at: Join me in Bedford New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA… Thank you Waukesha Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech #FollowTheMoney:Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha Wisconsin - now live! Enjoy!
Join me live in Waukesha Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGAThank you Council Bluffs Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just… An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou Video:… Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...Join me in Council Bluffs Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: Every on-line poll Time Magazine Drudge etc. has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: Unbelievable evening in Melbourne Florida w/ 15000 supporters- and an additional 12000 who could not get in. Tha… Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs Iowa! Tickets:… Once again we will have a government of by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today! Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: 'CNBC Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via @WashTimes. #MAGAGreat afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Well now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum but last night the big debate. Nice!
Thank you for your endorsement @GovernorSununu. #MAGA Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou… 'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via @WSJ: Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
e so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice &amp; @Penn police officers- in Philadelphia. "Donald Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled"A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich: Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...I am now going to the brand new Trump International Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirst"@AK_TWEET: #TheDonald's hair gets the #JimmyFallon treatment on #TheTonightShow #TrumpPence16  So true!
"@jimmyfallon: Tonight: @realDonaldTrump @normmacdonald a performance by Kiiaraand your funniest #MyTeacherIsWeird tweets. #FallonTonight
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! Will be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA Thank you @JerryJrFalwell! Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
"@ghfanlovessonny: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016" Thank you!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirstGreat evening in Canton Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:Thank you @ATFD17! #ImWithYouVideo: Great poll Florida - thank you! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis!Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn!Thank you @RepReneeEllmers!CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Transcript: #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst Thank you Clive Iowa!Join us today! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: Join me in Clive Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: "@brimyers813: Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success."
Just got back from Asheville  North Carolina where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGA
Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
#NeverForgetThe seriously failing @nytimes despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters and while many of her supporters will never vote for me I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham Romney Flake Sass. SUPREME COURT REMEMBER!
Wow Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman Phyllis S!
"@Stvzbnk: Just Watched @tonyschwartz. Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job @realDonaldTrump"
Just returned from Pensacola Florida where the crowd was incredible.
I havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer @tonyschwartz who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no) is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: #AmericaFirst Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola Florida.
Thank you Ohio. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful @gov_gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou Henry McMaster Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers so badly. Funny!
Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN.
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou With Luis Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
"A rough night for Hillary Clinton"  ABC News.
Wow reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls! Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you Peter - if elected I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst Wow - thank you Pensacola FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!#AmericaFirst! 'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGA"@adhd_fa:Kudos to @PARISDENNARD for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending @realDonaldTrump #media bias
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!
k Race’ via @dailycaller #BlacksForTrump
"@DiamondandSilk: Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. @CNN she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.#ImWithYou Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16 Will be in Phoenix Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
Thank you @TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated and lets get those 100000 registered voters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  I will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle at 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: Meet the ‘Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President: "Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery" #CrookedHillary How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
The Clinton's are the real predators..."@Lewenskimo: Your opponent has run out of ideas now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows you represent HOPE!!"
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." #FlashbackFriday "@DonaldJTrumpJr: Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner via dailycaller"
"@foxnation: Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor': CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript: Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail they are left w/this one tired argument!Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly poverty and crime way up employment and jobs way down: I will fix it promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising national way up. Wow!
"@Trump_Videos: .@Nigel_Farage of the #brexit fame - We CAN do this! We can #MAGA with @realDonaldTrump Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws!
Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou A great afternoon in Tampa Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16 New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! #MakeAmericaSafeAgainMy thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County Texas!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin Texas. Enjoy! In Austin Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down! Join me in Tampa Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago instead of golfing. Too little too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone and is a fact  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy boring!
.@AnnCoulter's new book 'In Trump We Trust comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron Ohio after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron Ohio. Statement on Clinton Foundation:Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day when things calm down I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend @morningmika. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall a neurotic and not very bright mess!
"@realbill2016: @realDonaldTrump @Brainykid2010 @shl Trump leading LA Times poll "@Brainykid2010: @shl @realDonaldTrump The ad was actually very good!"
"@55Lidsville:  #TeamTrump @KellyannePolls You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K"
"@SinAbunz_TM: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!  #MAGA #TrumpPence16"
"@Jimbos2002:  @Morning_Joe Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped) was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!"@EyeCandyTMGayle: @realDonaldTrump please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful"  Good!
"@J58golf: @realDonaldTrump been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!"
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd great enthusiasm!
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. #TrumpPence16 "@CatOnGlass: 200000 new followers for @realDonaldTrump. From 10800000 to 11000000 All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump
.@Franklin_Graham @BillyNungesser @SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. We are one nation. When one hurts we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.#StandWithLouisiana #WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 Great job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments by Twitter pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. Thank you Charlotte North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! We are going to make this a government of the people once again!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYouWe will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty high crime &amp; lost opportunities. #ImWithYou#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYouThank you Governor @ScottWalker &amp; @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYouJoin me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou Tickets: #LawandOrder #ImWithYouVideo: #LawandOrder #ImWithYouTranscript: Will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just as we won the Cold War in part by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....Cont: This is my pledge to the American people: 'It's just a 2-point race Clinton 38% Trump 36%' Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning! #AmericasMerkel "CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION." #MakeAmericaSafeAgain Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade jobs military vets 2nd A repeal Ocare borders etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing @nytimes which never spoke to me keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False I am who I am-never said
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
"@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U" Thanks
"@PaulaDuvall2: We're all enjoying you as well Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you!" Nice
"@need2knowu:  @willspeakout yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!"
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
"@willspeakout: Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! #TrumpTrain" Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!
Thank you Erie Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.  We must put #AmericaFirst. ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
"@laurencristmann: Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with @C_Lynne_Ryan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm"
Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! "@EnemyWithinn: @realDonaldTrump @elsolarverde @nytimes People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump." That would indeed be nice!
"@elsolarverde: THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST @realDonaldTrump TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton "@SheriffClarke: Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only @realDonaldTrump will change it"
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it! Thank you Fort Lauderdale Florida. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
"@DSF2020: Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media."
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you Abingdon Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" @CNN.
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGAI will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County Arkansas. #LESM
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant!
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
"@dbongino: ‘Now cut off my mic!’ Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump 2nd Amendment – HEATED! Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed like Libya open borders and maybe her emails?
Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #TrumpPence16Thank you @SenatorFischer! #TrumpPence16Thank you Wilmington North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.  Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. "@LinHen23:  @foxandfriends Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help #MAGA #NeverHillary"
"@sprts08: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016"
I am running against the Washington insiders just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
'As Senator Clinton promised 200000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!  Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! Thank you Senator David Perdue!Thank you @RepLouBarletta!Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  Thank you!  Thank you Alex!  My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Fayetteville North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: #ICYMI: "Will Media Apologize to Trump?" Michael Morell the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A. and a man who has made serious bad calls is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea nuclear "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Thank you Windham New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA .@Larry_Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16 Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED and other things!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
Crooked Hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Good luck #TeamUSA#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016 'Trump is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major cities'Thank you Green Bay Wisconsin! Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!#TrumpPence16Thank you Des Moines Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!  As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!  I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva Switzerland not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS rise of Iran and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. @Mike_Pence Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 3pm- Thank you Portland Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! #CoastGuardDay Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine thank you! @MaineGOP  Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence tomorrow. Join us! #MAGAThank you Jacksonville Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach Florida! #LESM #MAGA THANK YOU Daytona Beach Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Our incompetent Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars in cash to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
My daughter @IvankaTrump will be on @Greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset' President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
#ICYMI: John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $180000 from Putin’s Uranium Company: #CrookedHillary Join me in Florida tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Daytona | 3pm- | 7pm- STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today!  LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! Just leaving Mechanicsburg PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:Daytona | 3pm- | 7pm- During the GOP convention CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard. When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA Thank you Columbus Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: #CrookedHillary So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine you can mark it down" I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan who is all over the place doing interviews but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan who does not know me viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow it is unbelievable how distorted one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!
"@RealJamesWoods:  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope."
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war not me!
Captain Khan killed 12 years ago was a hero but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!  Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:Wow NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown Pennsylvania where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians drew less than 200 - with Bill VP
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
#CrookedHillary Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!Carson City: Join me Monday in Columbus Ohio &amp; Harrisburg Pennsylvania! #MAGA3pm in OH: in PA: American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!' We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
"@patrioticpepe: @realDonaldTrump ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!! #Trump2016 Thank you Denver Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! As usual Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
#CrookedHillary Job Application Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! "Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal." Even Bill is tired of the lies SAD! Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!Colorado Springs: What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff our country needs change!
Wow my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out V.P. pick!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16 The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Thank you! Facebook: Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." ReallyI just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary
"Little" Michael Bloomberg who never had the guts to run for president knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen who I never met but spoke against me last night failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join @mike_pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: "@AnnCoulter: "I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: Two policemen just shot in San Diego one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power no jobs no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! #CrookedHillary As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people!  "Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win"Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP NAFTA high taxes radical regulation and massive influx of refugees.
AMERICA'S FUTUREBernie caved! "@LallyRay: Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart @realdonaldtrump"  Great!
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
"@trumplican2016: @realDonaldTrump @DavidWohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE"
"@DavidWohl: Barack is offended that @realDonaldTrump will demand that #NATO allies pay their fair share. #DemsInPhilly"
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo Ohio!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#CrookedHillary Thank you Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain As President I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most.   Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA "Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double 51152 so far"Great new poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33000 illegally deleted emails perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!MI: Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President Joe Biden just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
As I have been saying Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Just like I have warned from the beginning Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! For the record I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Join us in Toledo Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGATickets: Join us tomorrow in Scranton Pennsylvania at 3pm!#TrumpPence16 #MAGA Tickets: Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS bad trade deals broken borders police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny if you listen to @FoxNews the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work energy and money and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren often referred to as Pocahontas just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP is in pocket of Wall Street and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16Thank you Roanoke Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders after seeing the just released e-mails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the same.
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails using even religion against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails which should never have been written (stupid) because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good but for the final night my speech great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie) media would go wild
The @CNN panels are so one sided almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Sorry folks but Bernie Sanders is exhausted just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figurewants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not their BLOOD SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow President Obama's brother Malik just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong but with the selection of Kaine for V.P. is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#TrumpPence16 "@NancyNielsenn: @realDonaldTrump Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it"
"@OliMauritania: @realDonaldTrump Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals #HillaryKaine2016"
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is and always has been owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
"@Theresa_Cali: @realDonaldTrump General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain"
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced including the incredible stage &amp; set in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLEFORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16 You can watch 360 video live from the podium! #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016 We’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! We’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! Great job @IvankaTrump! #RNCinCLEOther than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!  Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children Don Eric and Tiffany - their speeches under enormous pressure were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you!#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Arena was packed totally electric!
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America Gov. @Mike_Pence!#GOPinCLE #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst Wow Ted Cruz got booed off the stage didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLELimited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! Thank you @ScottWalker! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE #TextTrump88022 for exclusive @realDonaldTrump updates!  We will Make America Great Again!
Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you @IngrahamAngle! #AmericaFirst #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE Watching the #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
URGENT: we’ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us! STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECHThe media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children Don and Tiffany on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE #MakeAmericaWorkAgain#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE "@RoxaneTancredi:  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people."
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Thank you Mahoning County Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain President Obama just had a news conference but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good we are not looking smart we are not looking tough!
"@60Minutes: DonaldTrump and his running mate @Mike_Pence to appear on #60Minutes in first joint interview. CBS I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
.@FoxNews is much better and far more truthful than @CNN which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren a very weak Senator didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan Tamara Neo Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
"@TrumpDoonbeg: Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote! Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! Thank you! #TrumpPence16 Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes Crooked Hillary Clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice France I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack this time in Nice France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS JOBS JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! #ImWithYou Great new poll- thank you America!#Trump2016 #ImWithYou I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! Thank you Florida Ohio and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou Thank you! #ImWithYou Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016 Thank you Iowa- see you soon!#Trump2016 #ImWithYou I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary! To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders who has lost most of his leverage has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law order &amp; safety - or chaos crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
For too many years our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYouSenior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..Speech on Veterans' Reform:Great poll- Florida! Thank you! Thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph Michigan.
Join me in Westfield Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016 Tickets: I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
New poll - thank you! #Trump2016Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Thank you Speaker @PRyan!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016 Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Great being in Cincinnati Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? Dishonest media! #Frozen To all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd a man with so little touch for politics is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch her time will come!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges but...Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8 she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual bad judgment.
It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star or plain star!
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away no pictures."
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!"
On Saturday a great man Elie Wiesel passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd and the entire show is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Thank you @greta. #ImWithYou Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016  Thank you! #AmericaFirst If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16 Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father shot at by a Palestinian terrorist was killed while:Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. .@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
#ThrowbackThursday #Trump2016I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica
The story with Hillary will never change. For reasons only they can explain the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
"@Gengm7: @jakeda @realDonaldTrump As of April this year Hillary had spent $264000000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55000000. self funding"
I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China and many others are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
"@jtsbk:  @AllenWest thanks for sharing Eric we need @realDonaldTrump now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe"
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: #CrookedHillary #Trump2016
"@kridan1: Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube"
"@bluedogdemky: @CWAUnion @iowa_trump @RichardTrumka @AFLCIO This is why I would think the unions would support @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS"
"@arnold_ziffel: @AnnCoulter also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as @realDonaldTrump was speaking. #UPUPUP"
"@Patricia_Graf:  @GovBrewer @cvpayne let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs"
"@vegas_sports: Good for @realDonaldTrump he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for #Trump
"@GovBrewer: I'll be a guest today on Making Money with @cvpayne on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing @realDonaldTrump. Tune in!"
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong) watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate goofy Elizabeth Warren who lied on heritage.
"@LindaSuhler: Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country BACK. #Trump2016🇺🇸 #MAGA
"@w4djt: "Under a Trump presidency America will make brilliant new trade deals!" —Donald Trump #dtmag "@brazosboys: Hillary read "sigh" off the Teleprompter She's so fake she has to be told how to feel: @FoxNews
"@JimVitari:  @ABC @washingtonpost we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush #CrookedHillary in general"
The "dirty" poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama) is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago) has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son Eric did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us @TrumpTurnberry yesterday! @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr On the 13th tee box @TrumpScotland with my grand daughter Kai! @DonaldJTrumpJr Arriving @TrumpScotland with @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight. Video: So funny Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
"@Jolena3: @realDonaldTrump And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!"
"@DarrenWaggener: @realDonaldTrump What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT and what is going on in Great Britain with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends as allies &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. MembershipJust arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son Eric on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I’m not watching it much anymore.  CNN which is totally biased in favor of Clinton should apologize. They knew they were wrong.  Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration I’m consulting with our immigration officers&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers.
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families#CrookedHillary ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency."  --   Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
"@AllegrettiVicki: You have great children future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father." Thank you.
"@1lion: brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You'  slogan @realDonaldTrump "@justininglv: @realDonaldTrump great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!"  Thank you.
#Imwithyou #Imwithyou Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
"@chrisboydbrew: @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump @FoxBusiness.. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions great answers" Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt dangerous dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt will fix U.S.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted… Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% asSecretary of State costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament according to new book which is a mess!
When I said that if within the Orlando club you had some people with guns I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
"@bfraser747: Watch out HillaryClinton 👿 Support @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸 Yesterday's failing @NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed! How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016 I love you Arizona! Thank you!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst Thank you Las Vegas Nevada!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst In Las Vegas getting ready to speak!
Join me in Phoenix Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst Thank you Houston Texas! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 Thank you! #AmericaFirst  The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!  Thank you- on my way!  Thank you @DallasPD!  Join me in Phoenix Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirstTHANK YOU! #AmericaFirst MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today all over the great State of Texas!
"@VoteTrumpMAGA: The media attack on @realDonaldTrump is relentless. They are desperate. But they keep #Trump in the news - a good thing.
Thank you Dallas Texas! Houston TX:Vegas NVAZ:Join me in Houston Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: "Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer." The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! McAllen Texas- 8 miles from U.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016 Video: "@realericjallen: @realDonaldTrump is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence Safety Unity &amp; US JOBS JOBS JOB.
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!Join me in Dallas Texas on Thursday!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 Thank you Atlanta Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst I will be meeting with the NRA who has endorsed me about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list or the no fly list to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about @POTUS." But he's right: Thank you Greensboro North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:GEORGIA:NEVADA:HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU! Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016Tickets: Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over even this savage from Orlando. I was right. In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign we are hereby:  I am no fan of President Obama but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: TERRORISM IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions Pittsburgh @Penguins!
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words and @CNN and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today home of my first primary victory to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
"@WandaWalls20: @realDonaldTrump Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism I don't want congrats I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough smart &amp; vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst Thank you Tampa Florida!#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false only don't pay when work is shoddy bad or not done! They should do same!
In Tampa Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Don King and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond Virginia! #Trump2016 Thank you @FaithandFreedom Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.#RTM2016 #Trump2016 Heading to Richmond Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016Tickets: #FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!2004 VIDEO:Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016 Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
"Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOPLegacy Of Leading On Women’s Civil Rights Against Racist Sexist Democrats" The great boxing promoter Don King just endorsed me. Nice!
Join me! 6/10: Richmond VA - 8pm6/11: Tampa FL - 11am6/11: Pittsburgh PA - 3pm6/13: Portsmouth NH - 2:30pm"@Ausbiz:  RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@FoxNews: .@JamesRosenFNC: "Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @TheJusticeDept." Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren one of the least productive U.S. Senators has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
"@FreemarketSara: Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations @realDonaldTrump Join me! #Trump20166/10: RichmondTampaPittsburghThank you Roseanne very much appreciated. How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33000 emails that you deleted? A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but just like our big wins in the primaries we will win!
"@KathyCeurter: @realDonaldTrump please Mr.Trump make @SenatorJeffSessions your VP. He is a perfect running mate."  He is a great guy!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters because of trade will come to me.
"@mabynshingleton: JohnKasich the VOTERS have spoken.We want @realDonaldTrump. You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave @GOP"
"@Dale_Dangler: @realDonaldTrump You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen"  Thanks.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents she had one!
"@nauthizjane: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. Trump."  Thank you!
"@setfire2flames: Senator Sanders spent more than @realDonaldTrump yet lost."
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 "@lovusa4: @RichardWeaving Why @foxandfriends @NewDay WHERE IS THE REPORTING @realDonaldTrump &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA"
"@mariadaq:  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt record unemployment &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!"
"@sara_wejesa: @realDonaldTrump Great speach!!!!!!!"  Thanks!
"@jimhewitt: . @FrankCaliendo doing @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike is awesome. "Number one presidency of all time"
"@JoeDeFranco: Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you"
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
"@southpaw816: @SenSanders fans greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for @realDonaldTrump at least you'll have a job.
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
"@WolfStopper: Gee ... Does this make @realDonaldTrump right one more time? "@DjD_Thunder: Standing by @realDonaldTrump all the way to the White House! Thank you California! #Trump2016 Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016 Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016Thank you Montana! #Trump2016I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M.
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! In just out book Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
See when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection they made the change without giving me credit.Thank you Diamond and Silk! Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6 1944. I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good flexible save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1 so too should our country. We can be great!
People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network sometimes referred to as @CNN is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
"@sareed59:  Our ineffective #POTUS has to make a speech in #Elkhart to make everything look great. Mr. Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales so many people feel this way. We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
"@Don_Vito_08: Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! #VoteTrump2016 JOIN ME ON THE #TrumpTrain🚂 "@rapidcraft: Here’s The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About @realDonaldTrump"
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Thank you Redding California!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
"I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump."In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38000 jobs added. Bombshell!
"@fivestarr6028: Yes! Hubby and I voted 4 @realDonaldTrump already! Thank you.
"@LiliannyLeebou: I think the first female president of the USA will be @IvankaTrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!"
"@LunsfordWhitney: This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president! #Women4Ttump #Trump2016 "@angeloftruth11: Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?  "@Crz4basball: @JudgeJeanine  @realDonaldTrump Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too."
Then on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After @TrumpScotland I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen the oil capital of Europe to see my great club @TrumpScotland.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort the worlds best.
Join me in Redding California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016Tickets: .@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in @SInow / @Golf_com.Keep up the great work! "@RobertMordica: @realDonaldTrump Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time." THANK YOU!
"@Valenti317: @realDonaldTrump she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her."
"@TaylorEdwards99: THIS IS @POTUS'S LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED @realDonaldTrump NOW!! #MAGA #TRUMP2016 "@free_SA_BD: @realDonaldTrump A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country."
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?) so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Join me in San Jose California- tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Tickets: Wow USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
"@HaloDad22: @realDonaldTrump I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent #Teachers4Trump! We represent #CA4Trump! #NeverDems
"@SCPioneer: @stockdaleism @JamesRosenFNC @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took." Thanks.
Thank you Sacramento California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016So I raised/gave $5600000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #Trump2016So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5600000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge Gonzalo Curiel who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego) who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@NBCDFW: Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering "@FrankyLamouche: how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east."
"@MariaErnandez3b: Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally #TRUMP STRONG So true and remember the M.I.A.'s!
"@ScottWRasmussen: Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally A great day in D.C.!
"@TeaPartyNevada: #Trump2016 "Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans."  The endorsement of me by the 16500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you) the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser but if the GOP can't control their own then they are not a party. Be tough R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes but when I won the GOP nomination I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73 Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
Great rally in Fresno California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016 Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Wow- 25000 in San Diego California!Thank you!! #Trump2016 I am on @oreillyfactor tonight a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it should be good! #Trump2016
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Today we together won the Republican Nomination for President! My wife @MELANIATRUMP and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy!#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 Thank you! #Trump2016I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Anaheim California!#Trump2016 Thank you Washington! Honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful but outside criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk no action!
@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes known as Pocahontas bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
"@gordonsr1052:  Washington BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!"
"@buiIdthewall: @realDonaldTrump high energy!"
"@PiperSul: Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
"@DeepakS76435750: @realDonaldTrump congratulations from India"
"@oasisupernova: @realDonaldTrump UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE #TrumpTrain 🚂 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@jknatter: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTrain"
"@tcloer11: @realDonaldTrump Great job! Make America Great Again!"
@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016
After raising w/ no obligation almost $6M for Vets I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing @NYTimes story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! A suggestion for the dishonest media- A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by @JasonDovEsq A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. @Ed_Klein Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly with all of the money I have raised for the vets I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars including 1million dollars from me for our VETERANS. Nice!
Join me in California or Montana!5/25/16: Anaheim CaliforniaBillings MontanaI will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care ofour vets!
Is Hillary really protecting women? In trade military and EVERYTHING else it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America! #Trump2016 The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Join me on Wednesday May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!#Trump2016 #MAGA Tickets: Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam which horribly oppresses women?
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Hillary has bad judgment! It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together we will beat the Dems at all levels!
Via @JTAnews and Jason Greenblatt  "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs" @JasonDovEsq   WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum
Why does the media with a strong push from Crooked Hillary keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
. #RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@RedRising11: 🇺🇸I am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FOR @realDonaldTrump #NebraskaPrimary #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident Thank you Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump"  I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016"@Valdosta_Monkey: @ChrisCuomo @realDonaldTrump  Is Chris serious lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA "@daybastrop @foxandfriends @BretBaier The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support @realDonaldTrump IS the reason they are losers
"@NathanDWilsonFL: @MariaBartiromo you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
"@RichBooth6: @realDonaldTrump @CNN good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight." Thank you.
Wow I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
"@mathewjmari: On @FaceTheNation #MattSchlapp was on the ball &amp; #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. @realDonaldTrump will EXPAND #GOP
I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS and China on trade and Mexico at the border. Bad!
.@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
#HappyMothersDay! "@matandsher: I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't. @realDonaldTrump will give his all for us!
.@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine.
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S. and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters
Join me in Washington today!Spokane tickets:tickets:Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren Hillary Clinton’s flunky has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Response to @LindseyGrahamSC:I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special the Republican Party. Wrong I didn't inherit it I won it with millions of voters!
"@Ausbiz:  Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain"
So many great endorsements yesterday except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton who wants to destroy all miners I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Omaha Nebraska:Oregon:Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them &amp; run as an Independent.
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! I will be interviewed by @BretBaier @SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight @FoxNews
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
Join me in Charleston WV - tomorrow! I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.@oreillyfactor  Please correct I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will and must win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
Wow Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump Thank you America! #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrump MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrumpThank you South Bend Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary Will be in South Bend Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
THANK YOU AMERICA!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you Carmel Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016 I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Carmel Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary Thank you Fort Wayne Indiana!#Trump2016 #INPrimary Thank you Terre Haute Indiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain .@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
I am on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS throughout the day. Enjoy! Will be in Terre Haute Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no support?
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
"@LexingtonBobby: @FoxNews @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
.@AC360  Anderson so amazing. Your mother is and always has been an incredible woman!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 Crooked Hillary Clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Thank you Costa Mesa California! 31000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016 New York Yankees President Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.  I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you Evansville Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville Indiana with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
"@AnnetteJeanne: I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump so much."
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach Bobby Knight has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean not bad!
Thank you Laura!  Thank you for the endorsement Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016 THANK YOU Connecticut Delaware Maryland Pennsylvania and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Agreed! Thank you Newt! Thanks Dave! Thanks! Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you! Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016 Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016 Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016 Thank you America! #Trump2016 Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Maryland! #VoteTrump You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump Delaware! Thank you for a great day yesterday Rhode Island! #VoteTrumpSix hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut! Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania Barron Ivanka Jared Tiffany Don Vanessa Eric and Lara!Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them and run as an Independent!
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimaryPassing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you West Chester Pennsylvania!#PAPrimary #VoteTrumpThank you Warwick Rhode Island!#RIPrimary #VoteTrump On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
"@DiamondandSilk: .@DonaldJTrumpJr awesome job on @CNNSotu. DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call "Delegate Bribery"
"@newtgingrich: #NYPrimary turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive #GOP nominee I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!
.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrainThank you Bridgeport Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: Thank you Waterbury Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgainVideo: Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016Thank you California! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for the incredible support Maryland! This is a movement!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife Melania and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016 We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific @GovPenceIN of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- Off to Indiana! #Trump2016 Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! "@bigop1: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @oreillyfactor  Wow really nice!
Thank you New York I will never forget!
Thank you New York! I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 .@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!
"@GreenSkyDeb: Look everybody DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@keksec__org: @realDonaldTrump Your policies will make this state and country great again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain "@kdk144: @realDonaldTrump Everybody is "In A New York State of Mind" now!"
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainDiscussing #NewYorkValuesin Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary.LETS GO NY! #VoteTrump 1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS.#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay Who did the House Task Force onUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain#Trump2016 LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take backour country and #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch video &amp; go#VoteTrump! #ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech inBuffalo New York!#VoteTrumpNY Join me in Indianapolis Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: Thank you Eric! A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimaryLyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York we will make America great again! Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
"@DiamondandSilk: .@realDonaldTrump is who we need 2 fix this corrupted rigged system. 4 no Profit Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule.
Thank you for today's endorsement New York Veteran Police Association! #NewYorkValues Thank you California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning Staten Island. Big crowd will be fun!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary Thank you California Connecticut Maryland and Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 See you tomorrow Dutchess County New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrainWill be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016 "@Ollie_621: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump I think it's more like 64%. #VoteTrumpNY🗽 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"@AshleyEdam: New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters &amp; increased support for @realDonaldTrump ...Not surprising."
"@Trumptbird: Dear  I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN! #Trump2016 #presidenttrump #primary "@Trump_Supporter: "Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York – Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire... THANK YOU SYRACUSE! #NYPrimaryJust arrived in Syracuse NY. Big crowd great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary #ICYMI: @foxandfriends this morning. I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
"@dmharvey89: @realDonaldTrump @wdct8110 I just voted for @realDonaldTrump in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit!" Fantastic!
"@herb_stamper: @JackoffJosh711 @SenFrankNiceley @FoxNews @WSJ we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him" Great!
"@wdct8110: @realDonaldTrump We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! "@Bubble709_: @realDonaldTrump Praying for your family and your win in New York." Thank you!
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary4/16: SYRACUSE - NOONWATERTOWN - 3pm#Trump2016
Thank you @NYPost! #Trump2016Thank you America! #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016 Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrainTickets: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
sylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 "@GOPjenna: "I don't care about the game I care about the PEOPLE." And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! #Trump2016"
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary "@007cigarjoe: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump IS THE ONLY DEAL !!! "@Margee11: #WISCONSIN VOTE SMART @tedcruz RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/ @realDonaldTrump "@Wheels155:@CNN is reviewing the weekbut majority of the show about @realDonaldTrump cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
"@FaceTheNation: Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner @realDonaldTrump! Thank you Eau Claire Wisconsin. #VoteTrump on Tuesday April 5th!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!Thank you #Racine &amp; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016#WIPrimary #TrumpTrain .@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear which you would agree with!
Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016Tickets: Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if I win all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!
Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Can you believe that Ted Cruz who has been killing our country on trade for so long just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! My new radio ad airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? For the 1st time in American history America’s 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growthwhich asked me for $1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016THANK YOU NEW YORK! #Trump2016 THANK YOU AMERICA! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain THANK YOU WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump next Tuesday April 5th! #WIPrimaryJust had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016 "@susanbirchfiel1: Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for @realDonaldTrump "@Gearssuxs: @loudobbsnews @realDonaldTrump I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary."  Great!
Thank you- Appleton Wisconsin!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 Congratulations to @CNN for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. THANK YOU NEW YORK!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Thank you! #Trump2016 Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune. Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow Corey Lewandowski my campaign manager and a very decent man was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the @TODAYshow &amp; @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games we must be smart tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted I have already beaten you in all debates and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big so now he wants to debate again. But according to DrudgeTime and on-line polls I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb Rand Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries no way he would ever endorse me!
"@PaulaDuvall2:  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood he'll be against it!"
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
"@wolfblitzer:  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: @realDonaldTrump 7546980; @tedcruz 5481737; @JohnKasich 2724749" A BIG DIFFERENCE
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism as well as current mission but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
"Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story" via the Gateway Pundit: "@nellalda: @realDonaldTrump We stand by Trump 100%"  Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
"@VictorConkle: #WIPrimary @realDonaldTrump will defeat ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain The United States cannot continue to make such bad one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
See Lyin' Ted even the @DailyBeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio not Trump! Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack this time in Pakistan targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now finally receiving plaudits!
Wow sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!
Remember I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S. jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
"@pattiandsammi: @gullakhta99 @realDonaldTrump @Tytan01 @CNN WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. #WOMEN4TRUMP"
"@Tytan01: Dear @CNN after doing a quick Google &amp; Twitter search there are over 15000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying."
"@SpartanMaker:  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858233%. S&amp;P: 1314.5% #Derp"
"@stanColtrane: Turns out @glennbeck was wrong. @realDonaldTrump had nothing to do with it "@theAgeofLeo: Your instincts on foreign policy &amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined."
Top suspect in Paris massacre Salah Abdeslam who also knew of the Brussels attack is no longer talking. Weak leaders ridiculous laws!
"@11phenomenon: #LyingTed blames @realDonaldTrump for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis."
Wow just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- "@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt; Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
"@Doctor_S_Freud:  @TheView They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all" A dead show
Explain how the women on The View which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time
.@TheView T.V. show which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO"
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
"@TimVincent56:  @LindseyGrahamSC Talkers think about the future Doers are already building it" #VoteTrump2016 It is amazing how often I am right only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration take the oil build the wall Muslims NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years do nothing to make things better!
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS do nothing!
It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
"@missi51: .@realDonaldTrump thank God is not a politician but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us the people."
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
"@Don_Vito_08: "A picture is worth a thousand words" @realDonaldTrump  #LyingTed #NeverCruz  @MELANIATRUMP "@Kj11100Me: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for moralityChristianity.
"@tcsorr: @jphilman0206 @realDonaldTrump self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like @tedcruz. Who owns Ted?"
"@DebraRakestraw:  You have over 2M followers more than than @HillaryClinton. This says something about how America feels. #Trump2016 🇺🇸"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150000000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning &amp; now Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
Thank you Arizona! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrainLyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you I will never forget!
Thank you Arizona! #Trump2016#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain Incompetent Hillary despite the horrible attack in Brussels today wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful Lyin' Ted or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama and all others have been so weak and so politically correct that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
#UtahCaucus message from @IvankaTrump! #UTCaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016#ArizonaPrimary message from @IvankaTrump! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016#VoteTrump video: #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped and I will stop it.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. It’s time to get tough! I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
"@MyPresidentme: Here's Trump #AIPAC2016 in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. "@BarronG510: @realDonaldTrump The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you."
Wow President Obama just landed in Cuba a big deal and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
"@gamzorz:  @megynkelly Dont worry Trump They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop"
So the highly overrated anchor @megynkelly is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters who scream curse punch shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!
"@GStephanopoulos: What’s @realDonaldTrump's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? I’ll talk to the Republican front-runner. @ThisWeekABC."
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
"@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you- Tucson Arizona! A great afternoon with 6000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain .@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Wow @CNN ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to be back in Arizona!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
"@saneplanet: after tonight it is clear! Utah is #TrumpCountry  #Utah #Mormon #UtahPrimary #Utah4Trump "@TeamTrumpAZ: Check out "HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX AZ" @Eventbrite"
"@DonaldJTrumpJr: Honored to be in #Utah with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
"@Ma1973sk: Actually no @FoxNews @megynkelly has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day every show trashing negative hate.
"@AshleyEdam: It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months #voteTrump
"@grammy620: 1st time I heard #Trump I said "wow". I liked him! I then became a closet #Trump fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
"@Veteran4Trump: Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; "We've Endorsed Him We Believe In Him" #Trump2016
"@WesleyRickard: Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States #AZ #UT  "@cmichaeld2004: Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee what happened to that 30% ceiling
"@ileanabarkus:  @nytdavidbrooks I totally agree! @nytdavidbrooks is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!"
Thank you- New York! I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling"  - 49.7% with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona- I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney the man who "choked" and let us all down is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City Utah for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1000000.00 from me. Remember I said- NO! Club For Growth tried to extort $1000000 from me. When I said NO they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City Utah- tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. Highly overrated &amp; crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won according to Drudge etc. all 11 of them!
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore especially me!
.@WSJ Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8646551.Trump's is 7533692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor
Thank you Missouri! #Trump2016 Wow just won Missouri!
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida Rick Scott for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  Lyin’ Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President? .@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
"@FoxBusiness: .@RepTomMarino: I think @realDonaldTrump can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
"@lucyric13835428: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  That's funny I switched to other media too can't stand her"
"@MaryEH428: @RealBenCarson I thank God you are on board with @realDonaldTrump to help him and us #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty!!"
Thank you Marco I agree! I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.
Thank you Florida! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people big &amp; over!
"@DumpFoxNews: @FoxNews @megynkelly  If media wasn't so biased against Trump he would've won all of the delegates.
"@SCNAK45: @megynkelly is trying so hard to bash @realDonaldTrump it's ridiculous" Don't worry everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
"@J_Styborski: @realDonaldTrump @gregens21 @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly Hayes is looking depressed as well. "@jsconlon11:  @BertShad @Foxnews @megynkelly I tried to give them a shot tonight but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team."
"@gregens21:  @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says."
"@BertShad: Was going to watch @Foxnews for the primary results but saw @megynkelly - looks like #CNN tonight"
Word is that despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S. and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
In presidential voting so far John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate until I put him down.
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday✅Florida✅Illinois✅Missouri✅North Carolina✅Ohio #TrumpTrain North Carolina lost 300000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN WE WILL BRING BACK!
Just in big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday Don't reward Mitt Romney who let us all down in the last presidential race by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA open borders etc.).
Please remember I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America fix our military and take care of our vets end Common Core and ObamaCare protect 2nd A build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA a disaster for Ohio and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
"@mazzei48: @realDonaldTrump @BrazielCarol @FoxNews Listening to interview on replay of @A Savage Nation #GO DONALD TRUMP !!!!!" Thanks.
"@wh: WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close
"@realwwshelton: @loudobbsnews I believe that @realDonaldTrump will be the big winner tomorrow."  Thank you!
"@BrazielCarol: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Who started this mess the protesters of course . And media made it worse."
Sadly this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain THANK YOU - Youngstown Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016 Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you Florida!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump Video: Just received from @PeteRose_14. Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain LYIN' TED The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party Republican wins will be massive! Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television he only watches the @GolfChannel
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie or my supporters will go to yours!
"@alextrent4: It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!"
Wow Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania not enough signatures. Big problem!
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words education of your children from D.C. No way
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016Video: Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you Ohio! It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco his State Chairman &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Dayton Ohio! 20000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people many of them thugs who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016
you Cadillac Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016March 5 2016 | Wichita Kansas: U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: Thank you Macomb County Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 "@SirHatchporch: Mary Kissel is an SNL character right? She's not a real person right? #MorningJoe"  She is a major loser - no clue!
"@AngieSteinberg: GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT @marykissel OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy! @Morning_Joe @realDonaldTrump
Thank you America! #Trump2016 MY POSITION ON VISAS#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016The Better Business Bureau report with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as the Chairman of my National Security Advisory Committee. THANK YOU PORTLAND Maine!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016
Will miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
"@blt21muttrades: People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen #MAGA"
"@CreativeXwalk: @realDonaldTrump teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again."
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump"
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who as a Senator never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romneywho ran one of the worst races in presidential historyis working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!
"@malski1954: I changed parties to vote for you no one else measures up to you The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake"
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
"@Johnsmi01433966: The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."
Because of me the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters a record. If they are not careful they will all leave. Sad!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Video: I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video: Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: .@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
"@HavBat22: @TeamCavuto #KenLangone is 100% correct #NeilCavuto. And u and the rest of u #Fox muppets refuse to HEAR HIM." So true!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger stronger party!
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be #OnTheRecord w/ @greta tonight at 7pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! "@KinnardJan: @Itsjoeco @realDonaldTrump I took Trump University class and saved my home!"
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
"@JoeNBC: FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio who needed to win the state.
"@JoeNBC: Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. #SuperTuesday"
"@NorahODonnell: Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold."
"@mikiebarb: "A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination" for Rubio says @apalmerdc: …"
"@danpfeiffer: For the record most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump"  So true!
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Georgia!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016
Wow! Thank you Louisville Kentucky! #VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Lets go America! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#SuperTuesday MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Columbus Ohio! The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Thank you Georgia! 15000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas Tom Leppert has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Thank you Brian France Bill Elliott @chaseelliott @DavidRagan &amp; @RyanJNewman! #NASCAR #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpPhony Rubio commercial. I could have settled but won't out of principle! See student surveys. Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow! My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be joining @andersoncooper @AC360 tonight at 8pmE on @CNN. Enjoy! Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico." #Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram: I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU the American people!#Trump2016 Video: "Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York"#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Join me in Columbus Ohio tomorrow!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain My sons Don and Eric are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids enjoy!
Thank you @SenatorSessions!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video: I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE! Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio "@EmaGabi23: Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol"
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
ee Trump's success when he was so pathetic
"@classyexplorer:  @ahernandez85a Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!"
"@conservativevin:  @ahernandez85a Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!"
"@Stevekwebb: @realDonaldTrump Love it! @tedcruz is done. We need someone who is proven. @realDonaldTrump will make America Great Again"
"@Ausbiz: @realDonaldTrump Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"@HosierN: @foxnewspolitics A vote for @tedcruz or @marcorubio is a vote for corruption special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!
"@ahernandez85a: @realdonaldtrump Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time #NoLoyalty"
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out Poll snd Q Poll.
Texas Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!#Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO: "@GriceCindy: That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!"
"@ddpick18: @realDonaldTrump This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!"
.@RepChrisCollins  Chris thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNN
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
"@Ward_II: Oh great @MittRomney is doing a @SenatorReid on @realDonaldTrump like losing the presidency wasn't enough #Trump2016" He's a fool
Mitt Romneywho totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out I will pick up more.  Sad but true
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
I am in Virginia @RegentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016Watch: .@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie and I havn't even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised smart and strong with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain@Snapchat! Username: realdonaldtrump THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
Exclusive interview w/ my wife @MELANIATRUMP- tomorrow morning @ 8amE on @Morning_Joe w/ @morningmika @MSNBC. Enjoy! GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks Nevada!#VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus Finder: Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen pundits didn't!
Wow great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
Join us in Sparks Nevada today! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV "@StevenMeyers11: @Vogelsong1 @EdRollins @FoxNews Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right"
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
"@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.
"@Vogelsong1: @EdRollins gets it. Was just on @FoxNews explaining how Trump wins the general election."  Thank you Ed!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS NEVADA!#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNVJoin me live- now in Las Vegas Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMITrump 35%Kasich 17%Cruz 12%Rubio 12%Carson 9% Via: ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! #VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!Trump 36%Cruz 18%Rubio 18%Carson 10%Kasich 7%Via @SurveyUSA
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMAJust watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!Trump 28%Cruz 15%Rubio 14%Kasich 13%Bush 8%Carson 6%Simon Poll/SIU
I will be on @seanhannity tonight- from Las Vegas Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016 Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video: Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
"@SandraR677582: @FLTrumpTeam Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! #Trump2016"
"@ScotMReed: No matter what liar sleazeball @rickwtyler says about @tedcruz in Tennessee. We have early voting and @realDonaldTrump has won.
I hear the Rickets family who own the Chicago Cubs are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful they have a lot to hide!
"@1sonny12: @KSmith233035 @mitchellvii  FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP"
"@gregusp61: You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!"
ume and @megynkelly who know nothing that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Will be interviewed by @StephenAtHome tonight by phone- a late show first @CBS @colbertlateshow. Enjoy! #Colbert #LSSC
Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you to the 2500+ in North Augusta South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! #TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong Just sat down for a great interview with @PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big Cruz Rubio and Bush down. The debate results even with a stacked RNC audience were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC What a night! 10000 amazing supporters in Greenville South Carolina! THANK YOU!VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC Thank you for your continued support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: #VoteTrumpSC
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician! Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)I'd like to call JEB a liar but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!) is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG BIG BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy now brother!
Ted Cruz along with Jeb Bush pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice but didn't!
Wow in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night and almost everyone said I won but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? "@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush Jeb is incompetent and will lose don't waste your energy on that cry baby!"
Even though every poll Time Drudge etc. has me winning the debate by a lot @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
"@jeffpaine:  @realDonaldTrump you crushed the debate! Thank you!
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge TIME etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can @JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.  Lightweight @JebBush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! #GOPDebate
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife @MelaniaTrump.Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
"@AmFree: #Trump On #Ford #Carrier Shipping #Jobs To #Mexico: ‘I’m The Only One Who Understands What’s Going On’ "@ThtsWhtKelSaid: I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card &amp; take back our country
"@BrandonSawyer84: @realDonaldTrump will rule #SouthCarolinaPrimary! "@wino911:  #Trump2016 We know better than to trust the RNC   So cute!
Thank you South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!"Get on Trump's List" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email: "@grammies28: @realDonaldTrump was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back.  I told you so only going to get worse
"@Elvisfan1976: @NRSC stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!
"@dj4k4000: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this."
"@nellalda: @DonaldJTrump45 @realDonaldTrump @Reince They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!"
"@Bonfiredesigns: @StellaDean Let's Get United In America With @realDonaldTrump A very big thank you to Bill Donohue head of The Catholic League for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight
Totally unauthorized do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The RNC which is probably not on my side just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. "@jd4160: Nice column by Bill Donahue head of Catholic League. He's a blue collar New Yorker and gets it I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s @NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5000 outside. Will be back!
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Millions of $'s of false ads  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush are now running in S.C.
"@copyover2001: @realDonaldTrump   Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?"
"@by @tedcruz good I want to see the court decide what I was always told "natural born" means - born on American soil"
"@hillx123: @tedcruz you have just been put on notice @realDonaldTrump We Stand with you... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain" Thankyou.
Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time he is out!
If @TedCruz doesn’t clean up his act stop cheating &amp; doing negative ads I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight @JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution which naturally they did not get.
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. The failing @NYDailyNews destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit: from @IvankaTrump: How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement “Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?  THANK YOU- Baton Rouge Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 Just landed in Baton Rouge Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @RealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values? "@truthinvest: @CNN @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask @RealBenCarson"
Heading to Baton Rouge Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember it was the Republican Party with the help of Conservatives that made so many promises to their base BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40000000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5 I spent $3000000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary "@HARyder: Which is it @realDonaldTrump ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?  Get rid of it fast.
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny Jeb Bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great entertainer" - I assume that is a compliment!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money no cred!
Worthless @NYDailyNews which dopey Mort Zuckerman is desperately trying to sell has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
"@MarkHalperin: My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire I love you! Now off to South Carolina.
Thank you New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimaryWe will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our "leader" - If I win it will be a very different storywith very fast results
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at: #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH Video: Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush who has gone nasty with lies is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader!
Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH  Voting questions? #VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITNNow that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Today's third stop- Londonderry New Hampshire! Thank you!#FITN #VoteTrumpNH America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video: Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons Don and Eric will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
Thank you- Plymouth New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary Thank you Newt!  We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: Great to meet everyone while having breakfast @ChezVachon this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH.@ABCPolitics #GOPDebate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!
"@JoeNBC: @jonkarl: "This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.""
"@JoeNBC: Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night."
"@piersmorgan: Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. #GOPDebate
"@piersmorgan:  Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always @David_Gergen calls it right: Trump held them off. #GOPDebate"
"@newtgingrich: Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure"
"@newtgingrich: Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making"
"@JoeNBC: Trump Kasich Jeb and Christie all had good nights."
"@JoeNBC: Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)"
"@JoeNBC: Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night."
"@GOP_Left_Me: @JoeNBC Donald Trump won that debate hands down Christi beat up Rubio.
"@MarkHalperin: My debate report card: Christie A- Trump A- Bush B+ Kasich B+ Cruz B Carson C Rubio D. Full report cards here.
"@JoeNBC: Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South."
"@ABC:DonaldTrump: "The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order." #GOPDebate "@ABCPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump dominating @Google searches throughout #GPLFers.  "@ABCPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump led in @twitter conversation during the #GOPDebate.  Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now: I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
"@realOllieTaylor: @paintonmy: IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.
"@paintonmyjeans: If I owned a big company that was failing I'd hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered"
"@big_carsonrocks: AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz &amp; Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful &amp; not owned candidate"
"@Enlighten2881: @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 How come Rubio&amp;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?"
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. "@lisabrossman:  @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!"
Wow Jeb Bush whose campaign is a total disaster had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
"@billrey16929057: @seanhannity #Hannity @realDonaldTrump is the only hope to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN"
"@ukcatwoman52: @ericnlin @AC360 all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying."
"@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! #VoteTrump" Thanks!
"@ericnlin: @AC360 DonaldTrump: no raise in 8 years home not worth what I paid for it healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.  TRUMP 2016"
Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! It never ends!  I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals. 10000 people in South Carolina unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser zero credibility!
"@DharmaBum77: Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets! #TrumpSupporters @realDonaldTrump "@MaryAnn1942: @realDonaldTrump why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk Trump’s talk materializes! He will make America great again
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainHeading to South Carolina really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016 "@rkswaney7: @CNN @realDonaldTrump I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up &amp; you'll have this Democrats vote."
Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll very nice! Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns! #Trump2016Watch: This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone a misdemeanor at minimum. .@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
#ICYMI: @KarlRove &amp; @oreillyfactor discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. Thank you @billoreilly &amp; @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. #Trump2016Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#VotersSpeak: Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies."
Cruz just lied again- I am and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! #FITN #Trump2016 Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long rambling overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
"@stephbewitching @realDonaldTrump All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!"
"@restorereality  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! #TrumpTrain"
"@ellenEspence @realDonaldTrump Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won."
"@93101Dianne @realDonaldTrump if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing"
"@LoreWestphal @realDonaldTrump You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!"
.@Morning_Joe  @mikebarnicle on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign the only one. I will keep doing but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us! #CaucusForTrump11am WATERLOO: CEDER RAPIDS: .@DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; his wife @MrsVanessaTrump attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor @TerryBranstad. Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video: So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#CaucusForTrump Video: I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also VETS got $6000000.
By not doing the failed poorly rated debate I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6000000 for VETS.
Wow just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings! Thank you America!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 "Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation" "Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump" #Trump2016 THANK YOU! #Trump2016#IACaucus finder: Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually I doubt it!
Should I do the #GOPdebate? .@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100000 for himself—a bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation has just endorsed me!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 For the great people of Iowa find your #IACaucus location at - so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
I will end common core. It's a disaster.#Trump2016 "@puttster71: @bobvanderplaats The next president isn't on ur stage. @realDonaldTrump is the next president."
"@AynsFriend: @bobvanderplaats CRUZ IS DONE @CNN @ChrisCuomo"
"@xXFlame: .@bobvanderplaats Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0% NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!"
